well howdy there internet people it's
bogan I had this friend called him
Monroe that wasn't really his name
though he reminded me a lot of Monroe
Kelley from the movie Congo the black
contract the guy is from Nigeria through
a twist of fate he wound up here
I had a high-pressure job at the time
rough job and it didn't matter though no
matter how bad a day I was having I
called this guy up because he he had
that stereotypical African happiness
that jovial nature even did that big
belly laugh you know I call a guy up go
have a drink with him and it doesn't
matter what was going on that day
you know slap you on the legs your legs
work it's a beautiful day we're by the
beach there's beautiful women we're
having a drink it's a good day at ten
minutes of that very good I get asked a
lot what the solution to the immigration
problem is I always think of hell I
always think you have
because he's a guy that under normal
circumstances he would not have been in
this country it didn't meet the criteria
but twist of faith he wound up here
solution to the immigration problem
subtext of that is that immigration is a
problem what is the solution to an
influx of people who are overwhelmingly
hard worth hard-working ethical good
people what's the solution to that I
don't know man what's the solution to
cure for cancer it's its own solution
we don't have an immigration problem we
have a government regulation problem
dealing with immigration
there's no I'm aggression problem but
there is a problem with 20-year wait
times for an immigrant visa from Mexico
that's a problem
you know and if you actually go through
the excuses and they are excuses they're
not reasons that people use to justify
their opposition immigration they're all
ridiculous on their face they're
ridiculous
well they don't speak English so so what
who cares seriously who cares they're
not talking about you you're not that
important well they're gonna get on
welfare and you're on welfare she have a
problem with the way the government
spends your tax dollars sounds like you
have a problem with the government not
with them they're gonna come here crowd
up our schools how are schools funded
typically through property tax and sales
tax right they pay those even illegals
pay those
they're gonna take our jobs so you're
willing to use force to preserve your
job well why don't you use force now why
don't you use force now why don't you go
and bust the kneecaps of the other guy
laying tile in your community so you can
get that work it sounds crazy of course
it is of course it sounds crazy because
it is it's crazy to use that as a reason
it doesn't change the morality of it
simply cuz you have some dude in a
uniform do it for you it's the same
thing it's a gang mentality they're from
a different hood different turf except
you wave a flag instead of a bandana
City otic
but it's a defense mechanism
we can't admit that the problem is on
our end because we're government of the
people and if you admit the problems are
on our end that means that you'd have to
get involved means you have to realize
that you've made bad choices that we now
have a government that well as long as
they can convince you that you're better
off than those dudes you'll let them get
away with anything won't you
people in DC do not care about you they
never have it's an act and people have
fallen for it people have fallen for it
and now it's coming to a boiling point
see we've had it so good for so long in
this country that everything's a crisis
we need a lot more mutters to kind of
put things in perspective we need people
who have seen what hard times really are
because in the u.s. yeah you've got some
individuals that have seen hard times
you do but nationwide we have no clue
what it is
I don't have a solution to the
immigration problem because it's not a
problem I've got plenty of solutions to
the regulation problem and we'll go over
those in another video anyway it's just
a thought I have a good night